android/README.md, before:

This directory is created by the android tool on the command line as follow and
was executed at its parent's directory. You don't need to run this command by
yourself.

    android create project -n HelloGYP -t android-19 -p android -a MainActivity -k com.example.hellogyp

Before starting this example. Some requirements need to be installed. If you
have Homebrew on Mac, you can simply run...

    brew install android-sdk android-ndk ant

Now we need to create android makefiles for our gypified library. Before doing
this, change the directory to `<hellogyp_root>` to prevent the `Path  attempts
to escape from gyp path` error generated by GYP. The reason we need to
change to the `<hellogyp_root>` directory is because we use "`..`" in the
`include_dirs` parameter in `<hellogyp_root>/hellogyp/hellogyp.gyp`.

    cd <hellogyp_root>
    gyp --depth=./ -f android hellogyp/hellogyp.gyp

At this point, we can change to the root directory of our Android example.

    cd <hellogyp_root>/android/

Before actually build the app. We need to build native code firstly by NDK.

    ndk-build

At this point, we can build the actual app.

    ant debug

To install the app into Android emulator. You need to open the AVD Manager
and launch any virtual device.

    android avd

After the virtual device is launched. We can finally install the app to
the emulator.

    adb install bin/HelloGYP-debug.apk

Commit message:

Removes auto-generated files for android project.

android/README.md, after:

This directory is created by the android tool on the command line as follow and
was executed at its parent's directory. You don't need to run this command by
yourself.

    android create project -n HelloGYP -t android-19 -p android -a MainActivity -k com.example.hellogyp

Before starting this example. Some requirements need to be installed. If you
have Homebrew on Mac, you can simply run...

    brew install android-sdk android-ndk ant

Now we need to create android makefiles for our gypified library. Before doing
this, change the directory to `<hellogyp_root>` to prevent the `Path  attempts
to escape from gyp path` error generated by GYP. The reason we need to
change to the `<hellogyp_root>` directory is because we use "`..`" in the
`include_dirs` parameter in `<hellogyp_root>/hellogyp/hellogyp.gyp`.

    cd <hellogyp_root>
    gyp --depth=./ -f android hellogyp/hellogyp.gyp

At this point, we can change to the root directory of our Android example.

    cd <hellogyp_root>/android/

Then we need to generate the `build.xml` file by

    android update project -p .

Before actually build the app. We need to build native code firstly by NDK.

    ndk-build

At this point, we can build the actual app.

    ant debug

To install the app into Android emulator. You need to open the AVD Manager
and launch any virtual device.

    android avd

After the virtual device is launched. We can finally install the app to
the emulator.

    adb install bin/HelloGYP-debug.apk
